ljobs.sh - language jobs management in bash
by tony baldwin
website: http://tonyb.us/ljobs

A quick and simple means of logging and tracking relevant data
for language services provider jobs (translation, localization, interpreting, etc.), and generating monthly and yearly income reports.

ljob is Free Software, provide freely and free of charge, and you are free to modify it,
share it, share modifications of it, install it, hack on it, use it, read the code of it,
print it out and hang it on your fridge, or whatever else you like.
ljob comes with no guarantees or warranties of usability or precision, etc.
Install and use at your own risk.

INSTALLATION
------------
run install.sh
This will place ljobs in ~/bin/ljob

USEAGE
------------
ljob n - creates a new ljob file. (automatic assignment of filename, yyyymmddHHMMss.client.ljob)
ljob n filename - creates new job file with "filename" as file name (filename MUST begin with date parameters, yyyymmdd, or other functions won't work).
ljob e - opens a file for editing. MUST specify full file name (i.e. ljob e 20121031082439.ljob)
ljob d filename - deletes file with "filename". Must use complete filename. 
ljob v - view a file. MUST specify full file name (i.e. ljob v 20121314152245.exp)
ljob r - reads all entries (cats all files in the dir, pipes to less)
ljob r yyyymmdd - reads entries from date yyyymmdd. One can specify just yyyymm, or just yyyy, even.
ljob l - lists everything in ljob's directory (reports, jobs, expenses, etc.)
ljob lj - lists all ljob entries. Like r, it can be narrowed down with date parameters.
ljob lr - lists all monthly and yearly reports. Can be limited with date parameters.
ljob lx - lists expense reports. Can be limited with date parameters.
ljob pm - enter a new payment received.
ljob lp - list payments (can be limited with data parameters).
ljob pr - read payments/income report (limit with data parameters).
ljob lo - list only jobs with outsourcing
ljob s searchterm - searches for searchterm in dream entries. Can be limited with data parameters (i.e. ljob s searchterm YYYYMM).
ljob month yyyymm - generates and displays income report for month yyyymm, to date.
ljob year yyyy - generates and displays income report for year yyyy, to date.
ljob xa - add an expense item (non-providers, i.e., utilities, travel, office supplies, etc.)
ljob xr - read expense report, limited with date parameters (ljob xr 201211 for expense report for Nov. 2012)
ljob up - list unpaid jobs.
ljob us - list jobs with unsettled provider invoices.
ljob h - displays this help message.

CURRENCY
You must be consistent in the use of a currency, since ljobs.sh does NOT make conversions for you.
I.e., if you are listing in jobs in different currencies, the math in monthly and yearly reports will NOT be accurate.
Your default currency (entered upon installation) is stored in the .ljobs.conf file.
For free currency conversions, see http://www.xe.com

TIPS
For further information see http://tonyb.us/ljobs

updated: 2013.01.18
